about_tab added (#45)
adhikars11/shinymodels: vignettes/shinymodels_example-vignette.Rmd

---
title: "Shinymodels"
output: rmarkdown::html_vignette
vignette: >
  %\VignetteIndexEntry{shinymodels_example-vignette}
  %\VignetteEngine{knitr::rmarkdown}
  %\VignetteEncoding{UTF-8}
---

### Welcome to Shinymodels

Shinymodels is designed to help detect the problematic observations in the dataset and deal with them quickly in an efficient manner.

> Let's look at a simple example. Below is the code modeling mtcars with tuning parameters using `tune::tune_bayes()`funtion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's look at a simple example. Below is the code modeling `mtcars` with tuning parameters using [`tune_bayes()`](https://tune.tidymodels.org/reference/tune_bayes.html) function.
```

```{r eval=FALSE}
library(tidymodels)
tidymodels_prefer()

> library(doMC)

Reviewer: I would remove the parallel processing commands.

registerDoMC(cores = 8)
set.seed(6735)
folds <- vfold_cv(mtcars, v = 5)
car_rec <-
  recipe(mpg ~ ., data = mtcars) %>%
  step_normalize(all_predictors())
svm_mod <-
  svm_rbf(cost = tune(), rbf_sigma = tune()) %>%
  set_engine("kernlab") %>%
  set_mode("regression")
# Use a space-filling design with 7 points
set.seed(3254)

> svm_res <- tune_bayes(svm_mod, car_rec, resamples = folds, initial = 7, iter = 3,

Reviewer: Reformat this to something like 

```r
svm_res <-
  tune_bayes(
    svm_mod,
    car_rec,
    resamples = folds,
    initial = 7,
    iter = 3,
    control = control_bayes(save_pred = TRUE, verbose = TRUE)
  )
```
